Yemen conflict: Saudi-led coalition welcomes Saleh talks offer
The Saudi-led coalition in Yemen has welcomed an offer of talks by former President Ali Abdullah Saleh whose forces have been fighting against it.
A coalition statement said the decision to "take the lead and to side with their people will free Yemen of... militias loyal to Iran".
Mr Saleh said he would be ready to "turn the page" if the coalition lifted a blockade and halted its attacks.
But Houthi rebels, his allies until this week, accused him of "treason".
The group's leader, Abdul Malik al-Houthi, accused Mr Saleh of being allied with the Saudis, a position he said "was suspicious, but now it is flagrant".
"Do not continue. This act is an act of treason. Shame on them. This is shameful," he said.
Clashes between Mr Saleh's forces and Houthi fighters have gone on fore days in the capital, Sanaa. Aid groups say dozens of people have been killed and hundreds more wounded.
The Houthis are backed by Iran but have been Mr Saleh's allies against the internationally-recognised government of President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi since 2014.
Who is fighting whom?
Meeting the Houthis - and their enemies
"I call upon the brothers in neighbouring states and the alliance to stop their aggression, lift the siege, open the airports and allow food aid and the saving of the wounded and we will turn a new page by virtue of our neighbourliness," Mr Saleh said in a televised speech.
He added: "We will deal with them in a positive way and what happened to Yemen is enough."
Smoke rises during the battle between former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh's supporters and the Houthi fighters in Sanaa, Yemen December 2, 2017Image copyrightREUTERS
Image caption
Smoke from the heavy fighting in Sanaa's suburbs rose above the city
President Hadi also welcomed the statement, saying he was ready to work with Mr Saleh against the Houthis.
He urged the "turning a new page with all the political sides... and to form a broad national coalition that will lay the foundations for a new era and unify everyone against the coup militia".
How my country has changed
The view from the Saudi side
However, the Houthis vehemently objected to Mr Saleh's idea. A spokesman said: "Saleh's speech is a coup against our alliance and partnership... and exposed the deception of those who claim to stand against aggression."
On Sunday, Houthi-controlled As-Masirah TV reported that the rebels had fired a missile at the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and hit a nuclear power plant under construction. But the UAE denied the claim, saying its defence and security systems were equipped to deal with such threats.


Media captionA Red Cross spokeswoman says fighting between rival factions has left Sanaa on edge.
The latest feud erupted on Wednesday when Mr Saleh's supporters accused Houthi rebels of breaking into the city's main mosque complex.
There were reports of further fighting in Sanaa on Saturday, with explosions and gunfire concentrated in the southern suburb of Hadda where relatives of Mr Saleh live.
The Saudi coalition bombed Houthi positions in Sanaa on Sunday, with the aim of supporting Mr Saleh's forces, Reuters reported.
Yemen's civilians pay price of blockade
Five clues (other than war) to guess my country
Some reports said Mr Saleh's fighters had seized control of a key Houthi command post.
More than 8,670 people have been killed and 49,960 injured since the Saudi-led coalition intervened in the Yemen conflict, according to the UN.
The conflict and a blockade by the coalition has also left more than 20 million people in need of humanitarian aid, creating the world's largest food security emergency. It has led to a cholera outbreak that is thought to have killed 2,211 people since April.

Social mobility board quits over lack of progress
All four members of the board of the government's Social Mobility Commission have stood down in protest at the lack of progress towards a "fairer Britain".
Ex-Labour minister Alan Milburn, who chairs the commission, said he had "little hope" the current government could make the "necessary" progress.
Tory former cabinet minister Baroness Shephard is among three others to quit.
The government said Mr Milburn's term had come to an end and it had already decided to get some "fresh blood" in.
It said it was making "good progress" on social mobility and focusing on disadvantaged areas.
The commission is charged with monitoring the government's progress in "freeing children from poverty and ensuring everyone has the opportunity to fulfil their potential".
In his resignation letter to Theresa May, published in The Observer, Mr Milburn said ministers were preoccupied with Brexit.
He wrote that it had "become obvious that the government as a whole is unable to commit the same level of support" to social mobility as individual ministers such as the education secretary.
He added: "I do not doubt your personal belief in social justice, but I see little evidence of that being translated into meaningful action."
'All-consuming'
Analysis by BBC political correspondent Jonathan Blake
Sour grapes? Political point scoring?
Neither, according to the former Labour minister, and his colleagues on the board who include a former Conservative education secretary.
Their frustration demonstrates the extent to which Brexit is all-consuming for the government.
Leaving the EU is taking up so much time, energy and effort that there is little capacity for anything else to get done.
Even on an issue which is a personal priority for the prime minister.
Mr Milburn took up his role in July 2012.
The other board members standing down are Paul Gregg, a professor of economic and social policy at the University of Bath, and David Johnston, the chief executive of the Social Mobility Foundation charity. Gillian Shephard is a former Tory education secretary and was deputy chair of the commission.
'Unable to commit'
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show, Mr Milburn said divisions in Britain were becoming wider and criticised a "lack of meaningful political action", pointing to ongoing the squeeze on wages.
The government lacks the "bandwidth" to tackle social division while also dealing with Brexit, he said, describing his task as being like "pushing water uphill".
Mr Milburn said Education Secretary Justin Greening had been a "champion for the cause" and had wanted him to stay in post.
Ms Greening did not deny this when she appeared on the Marr Show.
"He has done a fantastic job but his term had come to an end and I think it was about getting some fresh blood into the commission," she said.
In a report published last week, the commission said economic, social and local divisions laid bare by the Brexit vote needed to be addressed to prevent a rise in far right or hard left extremism.
'Totally stalled'
The commission added that London and its commuter belt appeared to be a "different country" to coastal, rural and former industrial areas as young people there faced lower pay and fewer top jobs.
The worst places to grow up poor
The resignations come as Mrs May, who entered Downing Street in July 2016 promising to tackle the "burning injustices" that hold back poorer people, faces questions over the future of senior minister Damian Green - who is effectively her second in command - and is under pressure as Brexit talks continue.
In an interview in the Sunday Times, Mr Milburn, a former health secretary, said: "There has been indecision, dysfunctionality and a lack of leadership."
Image caption
Theresa May pledged to "make Britain a country that works for everyone" when she became PM
The government said it had already told Mr Milburn it planned to appoint a new chair and would hold an open application process for the role.
It said it was committed to fighting injustice "and ensuring everyone has the opportunity to go as far as their talents will take them".
It highlighted its increase of the national living wage, cuts in income tax for the lowest paid and doubling of free childcare in England.
The process of appointing a new chairperson and commissioners would begin as soon as possible, it added.
Shadow cabinet office minister Jon Trickett said the resignations came as "no surprise".
"As inequality has grown under the Tories, social mobility has totally stalled," he said. "How well people do in life is still based on class background rather than on talent or effort."