Egyptian lawyer jailed for saying women in ripped jeans should be raped
An Egyptian lawyer has been sentenced to three years in prison for saying that women who wear ripped jeans should be raped in punishment.
Nabih al-Wahsh, a prominent conservative, was also fined 20,000 Egyptian pounds (£839; $1,130).
The lawyer made the remarks on a TV panel show in October, during a debate on a draft law on prostitution.
"Are you happy when you see a girl walking down the street with half of her behind showing?" he said.
He added: "I say that when a girl walks about like that, it is a patriotic duty to sexually harass her and a national duty to rape her."
Mr Wahsh said that women who wore revealing clothing were "inviting men to harass them", and said "protecting morals is more important than protecting borders".
The prosecutor brought charges against Mr Wahsh after a public outcry.
The National Council for Women's Rights condemned the remarks, saying they were a "flagrant call" for rape, in violation of "everything in the Egyptian constitution".
The council has now filed a complaint about the statement to the Supreme Council for Media Regulation about the broadcast which aired on 19 October.
Mr Wahsh has previously called the Holocaust "imaginary" and declared himself a proud anti-Semite.
"If I see any Israeli, I will kill him," he said during a separate TV panel show.
In October last year, Mr Wahsh was involved in a TV studio brawl with a cleric, after the cleric suggested women should not necessarily have to wear a headscarf.

West Coast main line disruption: 'Do not travel' warning
Rail passengers travelling in or out of London Euston have been advised not to travel.
Damage to overhead cabling meant no West Coast main line services arrived or departed on Sunday morning.
National Rail tweeted just after midday, saying some lines had reopened and services would start to resume.
However, passengers using Virgin and London Midland services have been warned to expect delays throughout the day.
Underground trains from Euston will run as normal, Network Rail said.
Services between London Euston and the following stations are affected:
Birmingham New Street
Chester
Crewe
Edinburgh
Glasgow Central
Liverpool Lime Street
Manchester Piccadilly
Milton Keynes Central
Northampton
Watford Junction
Presentational grey line
'It ain't pretty'
Many passengers have taken to Twitter, using #WatfordJunction to ask train operators about travel arrangements.
Others have been sharing details of their journeys so far.
 Twitter post by @xPhillipsx: No trains out of London Euston, cheers! No information and stuck on a train to Birmingham standing for 2 hours because of no extra carriages! Merry Xmas! @NetworkRailEUS @VirginTrains Image Copyright @xPhillipsx@XPHILLIPSX
Report
 Twitter post by @TheCraftCafe: If Euston station is freaking you out right now (like it was me cos all trains beyond LDN are cancelled) you can get to Birmingham via Marylebone but you will prob need to stand the whole way & it ain't pretty Image Copyright @TheCraftCafe@THECRAFTCAFE
Report
 Twitter post by @GoldstoneTweets: Wish we’d gone on the coach. All the trains from Euston are screwed up. But we’ll get to #Coventry by hook or by crook. Up The Wood! Image Copyright @GoldstoneTweets@GOLDSTONETWEETS
Report
Presentational grey line
Advice for passengers
"If you must travel, please check the journey planner to make sure the line has reopened before starting your journey," Network Rail said.
"Trains that do run are expected to be busier than normal, so travel should be considered for later in the day or on Monday where possible."
However, it also warned disruption was likely to "continue until the end of service, due to train crew and trains being in the wrong locations".
Tickets valid for travel on Sunday would be accepted on Monday, it added.
 Twitter post by @nationalrailenq: #WatfordJunction- Customers are advised NOT TO TRAVEL. Image Copyright @nationalrailenq@NATIONALRAILENQ
Report
London Overground
Trains will run between London Euston and Willesden Junction only.
Replacement road transport will run every 20 minutes between Watford Junction and Harrow-on-Hill.
Customers can also use London Underground and London Buses on all reasonable routes to help with journeys.
London Midland
Tickets can be used on Chiltern Railways between Birmingham Moor Street and London Marylebone and Great Western Railway on reasonable routes into London Paddington.
Virgin Trains
Passengers can use CrossCountry, Chiltern Railways, TransPennine Express and Virgin Trains East Coast via any reasonable route until further notice.
Virgin Trains customers who choose not to travel may apply for a full refund at the point of purchase.
 Twitter post by @nationalrailenq: #WatfordJunction - Network Rail have reopened some lines to and from London Euston. Trains will begin to arrive and depart London Euston shortly.Image Copyright @nationalrailenq@NATIONALRAILENQ
Report
Presentational grey line
Why is this happening?
Overhead wires near Wembley in north-west London were damaged on Friday.
Engineers were working "as quickly as possible" to fix the problem, a Network Rail spokesman said.
He said the company was "unsure at this stage of the cause of the damage".
Damaged cables lay across railway track in WembleyImage copyrightNETWORK RAIL
Image caption
Cabling near Wembley was damaged on Friday
Have you been affected by delays at London Euston? Please share your experience with us by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
WhatsApp: +447555 173285
Tweet: @BBC_HaveYourSay
Upload your pictures / video here
Send an SMS or MMS to 61124 or +44 7624 800 100
Or comment here:
Your contact details
Name 
Your E-mail address (required)

Town & Country 
Your telephone number 
Comments (required)

If you are happy to be contacted by a BBC journalist please leave a telephone number that we can contact you on. In some cases a selection of your comments will be published, displaying your name as you provide it and location, unless you state otherwise. Your contact details will never be published. When sending us pictures, video or eyewitness accounts at no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws. Please ensure you have read the terms and conditions.